README.md, before:

# Closest Countries Finder

A modern web application that finds the 5 closest countries to any given longitude and latitude coordinates, complete with country flags and distance calculations.

## Features

- 🌍 **Coordinate Input**: Enter any valid latitude and longitude coordinates
- 📍 **Current Location**: Use your device's geolocation to get your current coordinates
- 🏁 **Country Flags**: Display flags for each country using the flagcdn.com API
- 📏 **Distance Calculation**: Accurate distance calculations using the Haversine formula
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Beautiful, mobile-friendly interface built with Tailwind CSS
- ⚡ **Fast Performance**: Built with Next.js and optimized for speed

## How It Works

1. Enter latitude and longitude coordinates (or use your current location)
2. The app calculates the distance from your coordinates to all 195 countries
3. Displays the 5 closest countries with their flags, coordinates, and distances
4. Results are sorted by distance and beautifully presented

## Getting Started

First, install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the application.

## Technology Stack

- **Next.js 15** - React framework with App Router
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **React Hooks** - State management and side effects
- **Geolocation API** - Browser location services
- **flagcdn.com** - Country flag images

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/
│   ├── api/placeholder/     # Fallback flag images
│   ├── globals.css          # Global styles
│   ├── layout.tsx           # Root layout
│   └── page.tsx             # Main application page
├── components/
│   └── CountryResult.tsx    # Country result card component
├── data/
│   └── countries.ts         # Country data with coordinates
└── utils/
    └── distance.ts          # Distance calculation utilities
```

## Key Features Explained

### Distance Calculation
Uses the Haversine formula to calculate the great-circle distance between two points on Earth, providing accurate results in kilometers.

### Country Data
Contains comprehensive data for 195 countries with their center coordinates and ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes for flag display.

### Responsive Design
Built with mobile-first approach using Tailwind CSS, ensuring great user experience across all devices.

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy this Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme).

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

made to border instead of center points

README.md, after:

# Closest Countries Finder

A modern web application that finds the 5 closest countries to any given longitude and latitude coordinates, complete with country flags and distance calculations.

## Features

- 🌍 **Coordinate Input**: Enter any valid latitude and longitude coordinates
- 📍 **Current Location**: Use your device's geolocation to get your current coordinates
- 🏁 **Country Flags**: Display flags for each country using the flagcdn.com API
- 📏 **Distance Calculation**: Accurate distance calculations using the Haversine formula
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Beautiful, mobile-friendly interface built with Tailwind CSS
- ⚡ **Fast Performance**: Built with Next.js and optimized for speed

## How It Works

1. Enter latitude and longitude coordinates (or use your current location)
2. The app calculates the distance from your coordinates to the borders of all 195 countries
3. For each country, it finds the minimum distance to any border point (not just the center)
4. Displays the 5 closest countries with their flags, coordinates, and distances
5. Results are sorted by distance and beautifully presented

## Getting Started

First, install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the application.

## Technology Stack

- **Next.js 15** - React framework with App Router
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **React Hooks** - State management and side effects
- **Geolocation API** - Browser location services
- **flagcdn.com** - Country flag images

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/
│   ├── api/placeholder/     # Fallback flag images
│   ├── globals.css          # Global styles
│   ├── layout.tsx           # Root layout
│   └── page.tsx             # Main application page
├── components/
│   └── CountryResult.tsx    # Country result card component
├── data/
│   └── countries.ts         # Country data with coordinates
└── utils/
    └── distance.ts          # Distance calculation utilities
```

## Key Features Explained

### Distance Calculation
Uses the Haversine formula to calculate the great-circle distance between two points on Earth. For improved accuracy, the app calculates distance to multiple border points for each country and uses the minimum distance, rather than just measuring to the country's center point.

### Country Data
Contains comprehensive data for 195 countries with their center coordinates, multiple border points for accurate distance calculation, and ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes for flag display. Border points are either manually defined for major countries or algorithmically generated based on country size.

### Responsive Design
Built with mobile-first approach using Tailwind CSS, ensuring great user experience across all devices.

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy this Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme).

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
